hi welcome welcome to our flagship store
what's the biggest mistake was the
biggest mistake we've made a since
starting president I suppose one I wish
I'd started it earlier because I think
we'd be that much forever advance the
biggest mistake is not to be blind to
the fact that you're going to make
mistakes look look how thin that is and
that's a milk chocolate with sea salt
and caramel it's absolutely delicious
I'm going to have a tiny bit now as we
film it's incredible in many ways I
think something would be excitement
about being a slightly older CEO is that
you're planning the end game doesn't
mean I want to give up work immediately
but you are actually planning you're
actually sort of looking at how you
might build up something which has a
greater value to someone else the other
great advantage is probably by the time
you're over 50 you have a fabulous
network of people you don't have that
network until your order and you don't
really have a credibility of that
network until you're probably a little
more mature and really recognize how you
can utilize it actually fine but
actually getting order as getting rarely
hacked off or being asked to pitch to
people considerably younger than me who
just sat there as agency people often do
just going yes yes yes fab idea fab idea
but can you do it cheaper we've got
friends who can do it cheaper now it
just starts taking view yes you can do
it cheaper but don't ask me to do it and
because everyone can pick up a phone and
say who I can make a film or why in
you're late in your mid fifties try and
compete with that
I wanted something which in that sort of
strange way could make money for you
when you were asleep so here was a
chocolate shop I looked at this shop and
I thought yes this is one of England's
oldest chocolate companies it's about to
go bust as one shop but it is a brand
with a great brand story and that was
the opportunity I saw one of the things
about presto which is gloriously obvious
is that we have fantastic packaging be
wary of how you're going to finances
don't start putting a huge amount of
strain on your family on your kids just
at the moment when you're
probably still writing out large checks
to support your family balance it I just
work out how to finance it and don't do
what so many people do go into a
business and expect to earn a fortune
you won't be earning a six-figure salary
for a very long time indeed you might if
you're very lucky it's unlikely realize
that what you're going to do with your
business is make something that one day
will be worth something someone its
money at the end of a journey and not on
the journey we were voted by The
Economist magazine to be one of the top
three chocolate shops in the world know
that you can do it date doubt yourself
you surely can you've had 30 years
probably of good business discipline
creativity whatever it is that you're
doing just be determined and you were
succeed